hi to all and told me they here
again for a brand new video
who is on a new day has better
their needs
so today we are in the fault
of the Summoner I will teach you to
buy an object is buckled
This is the most played game
in the world are full of players and doubt
was killed people on the map years
cowardly consorts a dish and I had it
in the base put a game there he would not have
not had nor I'll go so this is a
little out of there you are you
see that I have it all down
launch a laser that is full of
degassing touches life I believe that
allows to see any cable advised
the belgium the people hugues
today I will teach you to
buy an object be doing everything from
after
or when you see I have a scorpion
is called skarner we scared is an object
of autonomous parts to the dish and after you
have the whole list of objects from
classify the most purchased items from the
play una I do not care about anything on
this change then i'm going to go on
on the long list here and then we go
buy the small pink deposit that super
useful that allows to have pink eyes
a pink eye excuse me over her
head
I take positions a potion
muy a blue potion in life the
malignant is so this pink potion she
actually allows to become invisible I
believe and two to see people
invisible local needed on my line I
click on haiti map so you do it
no ideas to buy an object there
have to double-click or when you
m bmw which you have been the object
and then we go here we are going to look at all
the other goals one to you too
too complicated I tried to watch
some guides but I do not understand
too much if there is a lot of things it's great
so hard is there you see I took
so the smit and so it was a small
blue stuff
so that's also thanks to the guides I
do not know what's the point of this myth
but it looks pretty useful it's for
hit the monsters so it's not
badly and so we will look there all proud
that other objects know if I believe
that I trusted you do not know
why I had to apply myself I am I
am here I am here I had to make a
small analysis by amelot look at the
other objects before you see I share
bought some potions we hold 1up
Returning tonight shoulder before
it creates a wave where life can be done
massage and social etde sir have
gained xp choice and so we will go on
will come back quietly I make them a
click on the little pink impulses the
sum in play alarm clock on because in
done click and you use the question
sachets by engis html the one used not
and so in fact the sludge will be gbh the
have to buy them too when you have
more
after at the level of the sisters I mounted the
third because it's a feature
full distance is great and there you
go see you kill your friends who is going
to be very useful
let's go a year to finish in
beauty
but it does not matter we'll finish his
to death I hope you will have loved
this video we are very soon
year to go there little son of
whore what am I going to finish my
decorated box says I have the branches
and stories were going to whores a
asshole of nerval and hurry it's
what were we going to win
are you gonna go
you will not dare fucking shit are
to win
me it's nice to bonn you to the
chain so as not to miss the next
mobile videos